Final Exam Project Instructions
IT-540 Web Programming


For your project you will need to build application so that involves user log-ins,
( meaning that users need to be able to log into the application )

There should is an existing table that stores users and log-in data. You’ll also need a way for 
users to enter their log-in data pages such as the Edit Profile page are only accessible after a 
successful log-in. 

 
Guildlines:
1) On the server inside your public_html folder create a new folder called final . 
( So your domain will be accessed as username.web540.net/final/ ). You can have your 
own theme of choice developed ( e.g  on-line shopping, , catering,  events scheduler, 
on-line auction, social media, photo portfolio,  etc ... )


2) Your website should have the following pages  Home (index.php )  About  and  
Contact page with the option  to fill in a simple form and send a message / email using our server 
( we did this in one of the homeworks ). The About and Contact pages could be part of the Home page 
if you prefer ( they can be sections of a page rather than separate pages -but in any case the 
navigation property will be needed to work )


3) You can use a template of your choice if you like ( here is an example that we used in class ).
 ~  You can right click on the web page and view/ copy source code of the page. Make 
sure you include  navigation menu(s)
https://internshipvalpo.firebaseapp.com/


4)  You should have the following scripts/pages including login.php, logout.php, signup.php,
 startsession.php, editprofile.php, and vieprofile.php


5) You should also have an Admin page. Once loged in as an admin you should implement scripts 
such as editing and removing data.


6) You should also have images folder where you ll be keeping your images 


7) You should also have style.css file where you can define


8) In your database  you will need to  create one ore more tables for your dynamical website. 
( managing users and data )


NOTE Provide your homepage link in  the Blackboard  (  username.web540.net/final/  )
